hey guys this is Marshall Pacific
reviews and today I'm gonna do an
unboxing of the Apple 85 watt magsafe
power adapter for your macbook pro or
macbook laptop um so here it is here's
the box um pretty much it's big I mean I
can say that this box is pretty big it
barely fits in the camera frame which is
you know definitely something and to
compare it I have something very
familiar ipod touch 4th generation I'll
just lay that there so you can kind of
get an idea of actually how big it is so
going through it here's the box and on
the front you know the whole apple
display type thing going back says what
it is sides Apple Apple all that hope to
do stuff and you're on the bottom just
lets you know that it only works with
mac book pro and macbook computers let's
pretty much it going over the new
magsafe design is it a it straight away
from the eye design which I have here
right here you can kind of see what this
looks like it's just like this it is
magsafe but the new one is like that I
mean I can you can kind of see the
difference how it how it goes off to the
side and set it straight out which is
very nice sorry about that cut their
room yeah I made a mistake but it's very
nice because it'll allow for better
cable management and overall ease of
plugging in and charging um but that's
pretty much it uh yeah so I'm gonna get
it to it with the girl knife here see so
I won't be doing video review on this
because there's not much to be said it's
just a laptop charger but I did want to
do an unboxing for well anybody who
wanted to see it so here it is uh let's
see hey
think you're supposed to just slide the
side yep here you go there we go and
here it is just kind of slip it out here
is just telling you how it works um
that's pretty much it just this
information and here it is itself I mean
it's the same size as what you expect
and there's this now this cable looks a
little bit different than the older one
which I do have here but I can't really
show you that well because there's no
point but this looks a little bit
sleeker and all that so I'm just going
to move these boxes so can I pull off
here for a second open this up and again
it is the same length as the old one it
feels a little bit better more thicker
more sturdy now I don't know about you
guys but I've had my laptop cable shear
several times and it gets really
annoying but other than that you know
it's magsafe it works all that fun stuff
so here we go I'm just gonna try and get
this out here we go and that's pretty
much it here it is with the new type
just take that off there and the little
plastic there we go and there's still
some more plastic on it yep here we go
and there we go looks nice and all that
and here's the adapter it comes with one
of these um so that way you know if you
were wondering does come with that um
and I'm just going to quickly show you
there we go the first time is always the
hardest to take this off and you just
plug this in if you want the little
extension but yeah that's pretty much it
this is the Martian desert cruise thank
you